hey guys it's joe bereta coming out with
a brand new video in this video I'm
gonna be showing you guys how to boost
FPS in fortnight after the latest update
with just dropped yesterday the tricks
I'm about to show you guys are fairly
simple to follow and are very effective
it is make sure that your PC is running
at its max potential the holy start guys
I'd wanna let you know that I do make
plenty of Fortnight fps and ping related
videos so do be sure to check them out
on my channel please leave a like on the
video down below and subscribe to the
channel cuz it will really make my day
so yoga is just make sure you go ahead
and follow the whole guide so you don't
miss anything so without any further ado
let's dive straight into the Tips &
Tricks
first up guys what you need to do is go
through your file explorer or you can
just search this PC in your Start menu
and then click on it then select the
drive in which your fortnight is
installed for most of the people it will
be their C Drive but I have changed it
to e so select that drive go into
fortnight then fortnight game binaries
in 64 and then you're gonna find these
for applications which have the
fortnight logo on them these are the
four main applications which run in the
background while we play for tide so we
are gonna optimize these to run at their
maximum and allow them the full control
of CPU resources so that we can reduce
stutters and fix lag so what you need to
do is right-click on them click on
properties then go to the compatibility
tab then click on disable full screen
optimizations click on change high DPI
settings and then click on override high
DPI and select application make sure
that application is selected
click on OK apply ok and now repeat the
same thing for the remaining three files
as well so Yaga is what this will do is
that it will allow this file the full
access to CPU and GPU resources without
the interference of Windows which is
gonna help you increase your FPS as well
as reduce those micro stutters that you
may be experiencing while landing or
running jumping or anywhere in the game
so yeah guys after you have done that
just close it and now we are done for
the next thing you need to go to your
Start menu and type this PC and then
right click on it click on properties
once this window opens click on advanced
system settings under performance tab
click on settings then choose adjust for
best performance now after this guys is
your personal preference whether you
wanna leave all of them unchecked or you
wanna check some but I would recommend
that show shadows under the mouse
pointer there you should check this one
show thumbnails instead of icons and you
should check these smooth edges of the
screen font these three options you
should check them because they will be
really helpful but overall this is all
personal preference it's not necessary
to check them so then click on apply
click on OK
ok and close out of that for the next
thing guys go into your Start menu again
and this time type 1 ru n then open it
up and then we are going to open up this
window just type % local app data %
click on OK you're gonna see a bunch of
folders just go to Fortnight game save
config windows client then right-click
on games users settings go down to
properties if the read-only is checked
uncheck it click apply ok then again
right click on it and click on edit
after this go to edit and find then
you're gonna search B s H of U G RA SS
show grass find next change its value to
false if it's true then change its value
to false
after that just scroll down a bit till
you find the scaleability roots then for
texture quality make sure it's on 0 and
the foliage quality make sure it's also
on 0 then click on file save and then
close out of it right click on it again
go down to properties click on read-only
apply ok
and then close out of there okay guys
now for the next thing what you need to
do is open up your epic game launcher
once it opens up go down to your
settings then scroll all the way down to
fortnight
click on it and then check this
additional command line of arguments and
then remove anything if it's there and
paste this command from the description
I will leave it in the description and
go back to fortnight and then close out
of your epic game launcher now what this
is gonna do is it's gonna allow
fortnight to use all of the CPU cores
rather than using half of them so it's
gonna increase your performance and make
sure FPS a lot more stable but the next
step guys go down to your Start menu
again and this time type CMD and run it
as administrator then paste this command
from the description I will leave this
command also in the description and
press ENTER and the operation completed
successfully what this is gonna do is
that it's gonna run the windows timer at
its max all the time rather than
switching it to high or low whenever
required this is gonna make your game a
lot more smoother and you will not
experience those stitches and stutters
anymore
[Music]
but the next step guys go down to your
Start menu again and again type CMD run
it as administrator and then paste this
command from the description which
starts with power CFG and press enter
then it will say that ultimate
performance this step only works for
Windows 10 so if you are using an older
version then you can simply skip this
step so after you have done that go down
to the Start menu again and search power
options then go to your power options
and while you guys
the ultimate option will be hidden in
show additional plans so just click on
that and select the ultimate performance
option then go to change plan settings
turn off display lever and save changes
and exit alpha for the last step guys
what you need to do is go down to your
Start menu and go to your settings then
go to gaming and make sure that your
game bar is turned off and unselect any
of these options then go to game mode
and make sure that it's gone
there are a lot of people who say that
you should turn it off but I will
personally recommend to turn it on if
your Windows version is anything above
1903 to check that just equal to the
Start menu and type whenever WI nver and
as you can see I have the u-19 online
version if you have any version above
1903 done game mode on if you have
anything below that you can just turn it
off
I hope this video helped you guys and if
it did leave a like down below and
subscribe to the channel for future
content I will be releasing it even more
videos related to thing and FPS boost so
you be sure to stick around for that I
guess see you in the next one